README.md, before:

# Synced Online IP Control
This is the IP Control system programmed by Pravat Bhusal (www.github.com/Shadowsych). This code may be given to anyone to study and use as his or her IP Control service for a Whirled server. However, proper set-up must be completed for the ip control files. For this reason, I have provided step-by-step documentation below to properly set-up the ip control system.

# Setting-up the GUI Database View
1. Install pgadmin3 in the Linux dedicated server via "sudo apt-get install pgadmin3"  
2. In Putty or your SSH client, go to the X11 configuration and Enable X11 Forwarding and use the X Display Location as "localhost:0"  
3. Install an X11 Server on your computer (preferably "MobaXTerm: https://mobaxterm.mobatek.net/")  
4. Now in the Linux dedicated server, open pgadmin3 with "pgadmin3" and configure pgadmin3 to open your msoy database  
5. Finished!  

# Documentation:
1. Copy and paste the "ipcontrol.php" file into the "htdocs" of an Apache web-server.  
2. Copy and paste the "iplog.php" file into the "htdocs" folder of an Apache web-server.  
3. Copy and paste the "MsoyAuthenticator.java" file into your msoy/src/java/com/threerings/msoy/server folder 
- Edit line 357 to your URL Address for the iplog.php file 
4. (Discuss creating new table here)  
5. (Discuss setting-up the password php system here)  
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
### NOTE: Here are the different Apache web-servers you can install based on your operating system
- Windows Apache Server: XAMPP
- Mac Apache Server: MAMP
- Linux Apache Server: LAMP

### NOTE: If you're using a Linux server and PostgreSQL, make sure to install the PHP and PostgreSQL driver: sudo apt-get install php5-pgsql

Commit message:

Add the ipcontrol.php initial files and edit readme

README.md, after:

# Synced Online IP Control
This is the IP Control system programmed by Pravat Bhusal (www.github.com/Shadowsych). This code may be given to anyone to study and use as his or her IP Control service for a Whirled server. However, proper set-up must be completed for the ip control files. For this reason, I have provided step-by-step documentation below to properly set-up the ip control system.

# Setting-up the GUI Database View
1. Install pgadmin3 in the Linux dedicated server via "sudo apt-get install pgadmin3"  
2. In Putty or your SSH client, go to the X11 configuration and Enable X11 Forwarding and use the X Display Location as "localhost:0"  
3. Install an X11 Server on your computer (preferably "MobaXTerm: https://mobaxterm.mobatek.net/")  
4. Now in the Linux dedicated server, open pgadmin3 with "pgadmin3" and configure pgadmin3 to open your Synced/Whirled database  
5. Finished!  

# Documentation:
1. Copy and paste the "ipcontrol.php" file into the "htdocs" of an Apache web-server.  
2. Copy and paste the "iplog.php" file into the "htdocs" folder of an Apache web-server.  
2. Copy and paste the "ipcommands.php" file into the "htdocs" folder of an Apache web-server.  
3. Copy and paste the "MsoyAuthenticator.java" file into your msoy/src/java/com/threerings/msoy/server folder 
- Edit line 357 to your URL Address for the iplog.php file 
4. Export the "IPRecord.sql" file into your Synced/Whirled database
5. Open the "ipcontrol.php" and "ipcommands.php" files and set the "$password" variable to anything, but
they both must be the same value.  
6. Finished!  
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
### NOTE: Here are the different Apache web-servers you can install based on your operating system
- Windows Apache Server: XAMPP
- Mac Apache Server: MAMP
- Linux Apache Server: LAMP

### NOTE: If you're using a Linux server and PostgreSQL, make sure to install the PHP and PostgreSQL driver: sudo apt-get install php5-pgsql
